for countless Palestinian families in
Gaza another night of desperation and
panic more than 150 displaced civilians
were Sheltering in this family home in
the densely populated Central City of
deer Al balah as night fell they were
hit by a massive Israeli air
strike you can see for yourself the
bodies all the dead were women and
children there's no peaceful place for
us to go we were all displaced we've all
lost our homes where do you want us to
go the whole world is watching us have
mercy on
us in dark and dangerous conditions
Rescuers tried to save those they could
the violence and destruction are
difficult to
Fathom we rushed downstairs when we
heard the bombing we saw the whole
building coming down we collected body
parts of women and children I swear to
God they were all women and children
between seven and8 and 12 years old what
have they done to deserve to die like
this what did this young girl do to
Israel to be dismembered like
this dozens of wounded people were
rushed to nearby al- AXA hospital but
the facility is barely functioning and
struggling to cope with a huge number of
victims Alexa Hospital which is the only
functioning Hospital in the central
government has received many dead and
injured most of whom would children
women and elderly we expect to receive
many more victims as reported by the
ambulance service who are still at the
attack site this attack comes within the
framework of genocide and the continuous
aggression against our people as you can
see we're not equipped to receive such
large numbers of
victims the vast majority of the victims
of this attack were women and young
children as more bodies are recovered
from the rubble the death toll is only
expected to rise more than 100
Palestinians have been killed by Israeli
air strikes across the strip since
Thursday and the bombardment shows no
signs of stopping Alexander buers Al
jazer